clarify docs generate steps (#2575)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/source-freshness.md

### Enabling source freshness snapshots

> [`dbt build`](reference/commands/build) does _not_ include source freshness checks when it builds and tests resources in your DAG. As such, here's a common pattern for defining jobs:

Reviewer: Are they choosing one or can they do all three? I only ask because  "here's a common pattern for defining jobs" doesn't really tell me whether I should pick one or all three? Maybe because the sentence is passive?

```suggestion
[`dbt build`](reference/commands/build) does _not_ include source freshness checks when building and testing resources in your DAG. Instead, you can use one of these common patterns for defining jobs:
```

Author: this is how it is right now in the docs but yes they can pick all three as a common pattern. love the suggestion, thank you!

- Add `dbt build` to the run step to run models, tests, and so on. 
- Select the **Generate docs on run** checkbox to automatically [generate project docs](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs#set-up-a-documentation-job)
- Select the **Run on source freshness** checkbox to enable [source freshness](#checkbox) as the first to step of the job. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/select-source-freshness.png" title="Selecting source freshness"/>

> To enable source freshness snapshots, firstly make sure to configure your sources to [snapshot freshness information](/docs/build/sources#snapshotting-source-data-freshness). You can add source freshness to the list of commands in the job run steps or enable the checkbox. However, expect different outcomes when you configure a job using the checkbox, compared to when you add the command to the run steps.

Reviewer: I suggest making "selecting" and "adding" parallel. Also naming the checkbox might help find the item in the following table.
```suggestion
To enable source freshness snapshots, firstly make sure to configure your sources to [snapshot freshness information](/docs/build/sources#snapshotting-source-data-freshness). You can add source freshness to the list of commands in the job run steps or enable the checkbox. However, you can expect different outcomes when you configure a job by selecting the **Run source freshness** checkbox compared to adding the command to the run steps.
```

Review the following options and outcomes:

| Options | Outcomes |
|--------| ------- |

> | **1. Select checkbox <a id="checkbox"></a>** | The **Run source freshness** checkbox in your **Execution Settings** will run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job and won't break subsequent steps if the  fails. If you wanted your job dedicated *exclusively* to running freshness checks, you still need to include at least one placeholder step, such as `dbt compile`. |

Reviewer: The numbers make it feel like steps and we need to do both, in that order. I don't think that's the case, right?
```suggestion
|  **Select checkbox <a id="checkbox"></a>** | The **Run source freshness** checkbox in your **Execution Settings** will run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job and won't break subsequent steps if the  fails. If you wanted your job dedicated *exclusively* to running freshness checks, you still need to include at least one placeholder step, such as `dbt compile`. |
```

Author: ack! great idea 🙈

> | **2. Add as a run step** | Add the `dbt source freshness` command to a job anywhere in your list of run steps. However, if your source data is out of date &mdash; this step will "fail', and subsequent steps will not run. dbt Cloud will trigger email notifications (if configured) based on the end state of this step. <br /><br /> You can create a new job to snapshot source freshness. <br /><br /> If you *do not* want your models to run if your source data is out of date, then it could be a good idea to run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job. Otherwise, we recommend adding `dbt source freshness` as the last step in the job, or creating a separate job just for this task.  |

Reviewer: Same comment as above.
```suggestion
| **Add as a run step** | Add the `dbt source freshness` command to a job anywhere in your list of run steps. However, if your source data is out of date &mdash; this step will "fail', and subsequent steps will not run. dbt Cloud will trigger email notifications (if configured) based on the end state of this step. <br /><br /> You can create a new job to snapshot source freshness. <br /><br /> If you *do not* want your models to run if your source data is out of date, then it could be a good idea to run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job. Otherwise, we recommend adding `dbt source freshness` as the last step in the job, or creating a separate job just for this task.  |
```

### Enabling source freshness snapshots

`dbt build` does _not_ include source freshness checks when it builds and tests resources in your DAG. As such, here's a common pattern for defining jobs:

> - `dbt build` as the run step

Reviewer: I'd suggest removing the <tabItems> on this page too. It would be nice to link to a section from this bullet.

> - check box for generating docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- checkbox for generating docs
```

> - check box for source freshness

Reviewer: This would also be nice as a link to a section below.

Author: good callout for both of these suggestions!

Author: i've added a checkbox link using `<a id="checkbox"></a>` but because the section is just below - it doesn't seem to make a difference. it may be best to remove to avoid user confusion, what do you think?

> - check box for source freshness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- checkbox for source freshness
```

> - checkbox for [source freshness](#checkbox)

Reviewer 2: Might be good to give a description of what this pattern does

Author: great flag @graciegoheen - is this what you meant about clarification?

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/select-source-freshness.png" title="Selecting source freshness"/>

> To enable source freshness snapshots, make sure to configure your sources to [snapshot freshness information](/docs/build/sources#snapshotting-source-data-freshness) and review the different options below:

Reviewer: I think we've been preferring to use non directional language to simplify and make it easier for people using screen readers.
```suggestion
To enable source freshness snapshots, make sure to configure your sources to [snapshot freshness information](/docs/build/sources#snapshotting-source-data-freshness) and review the following options:
```

Author: ah ok gotcha, i didn't know about that so will adjust going forward 🙏

</Changelog>

Review the following options and outcomes:

| Options | Outcomes |
|--------| ------- |
| **1. Select checkbox <a id="checkbox"></a>** | The **Run source freshness** checkbox in your execution settings will run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job, but it will not break subsequent steps if it fails. If you wanted your job dedicated *exclusively* to running freshness checks, you still need to include at least one placeholder step, such as `dbt compile`. |

> | **2. Add as a run step** | Add the `dbt source freshness` command to a job in whatever run step order. But if your source data is out of date &mdash; this step will "fail', and subsequent steps will not run. dbt Cloud will trigger email notifications (if configured) based on the end state of this step. <br /><br /> You can create a new job to snapshot source freshness. **Note:** If you're using an older version of dbt Core (before v0.21), you'll need to use the old name of this command instead: `dbt source snapshot-freshness`. See [`source` command docs](commands/source) for details.<br /><br /> If you *do not* want your models to run if your source data is out of date, then it could be a good idea to run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job. Otherwise, we recommend adding `dbt source freshness` as the last step in the job, or creating a separate job just for this task.  |

Reviewer 2: What does "You can create a new job to snapshot source freshness" mean? I'm not sure I follow that piece

Author: good question! it's carried over from the existing docs. is it best to remove it @graciegoheen ? also taking into account your comment below

[existing doc sentence](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/deploy/source-freshness#enabling-source-freshness-snapshots): 
>Then, to enable source freshness snapshots in dbt Cloud, add a dbt source freshness step to one of your jobs, or create a new job to snapshot source freshness.

> | **2. Add as a run step** | Add the `dbt source freshness` command to a job in whatever run step order. But if your source data is out of date &mdash; this step will "fail', and subsequent steps will not run. dbt Cloud will trigger email notifications (if configured) based on the end state of this step. <br /><br /> You can create a new job to snapshot source freshness. **Note:** If you're using an older version of dbt Core (before v0.21), you'll need to use the old name of this command instead: `dbt source snapshot-freshness`. See [`source` command docs](commands/source) for details.<br /><br /> If you *do not* want your models to run if your source data is out of date, then it could be a good idea to run `dbt source freshness` as the first step in your job. Otherwise, we recommend adding `dbt source freshness` as the last step in the job, or creating a separate job just for this task.  |

Reviewer 2: Additionally, I'm not sure our recommendation would be to "create a separate job just for this task". I think the stronger alternative would be to just use the "check box" strategy.
